infrastructure/README.md, before:

# Infrastructure

Multiple deployment pipelines for Forseti Visualizer:

1. Docker on GCE with COS
2. Docker on GKE with COS
3. Docker on Cloud Run

## Overview

Each script requires a docker image to be pre-built and pushed to the local gcr.io repository.

## Getting Started

```bash
# Prerequisite: Ensure application is built and runs locally
cd forseti-visualizer-ui/
npm install
npm run build
cp -R dist ../forseti-api/dist-forseti-visualizer-ui
cd ../forseti-api
npm install

# API:
gcloud services enable compute.googleapis.com
gcloud services enable container.googleapis.com
gcloud services enable containerregistry.googleapis.com

# create a file named "source.env"
cat > source.env << EOF
export CLOUDSQL_HOSTNAME="1.2.34.56"
export CLOUDSQL_USERNAME="user"
export CLOUDSQL_PASSWORD="password"
export CLOUDSQL_SCHEMA="forseti_security"
export FORSETI_SERVER_VM_CHANNEL="1.2.3.4:50051"
export FORSETI_DATA_MODEL_HANDLE="abcdaa3a5bc9fd9acfaf50fdd3620534"
EOF

# build docker images
./build-images.sh

# replace the variable(s) (PROJECT_ID, REGION) at the top of the deployment file and then run to deploy the image
./deployments/deploy-gke.sh
./deployments/deploy-gce.sh
./deployments/deploy-cloudrun.sh
```

## Pipeline

1. Build Image
2. Push Image
3. Create Deployment Resource (optional - otherwise we will need to provide the target resource values)
4. Deploy Image

## References

* [Static IP on GKE](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/tutorials/configuring-domain-name-static-ip)
* [Firewalls](https://cloud.google.com/solutions/prep-kubernetes-engine-for-prod#firewalling)

Commit message:

Remove bloated files (e.g. cloudbuild.yaml) Remove config dependencies from files Update source.envconfig file with additional parameters to use the default of 0.0.0.0 and Port 8080 on the API Layer and include the PROJECT_ID as it is used in the Infra Deployment Examples. Update README to reflect removal of the config.json step and reflect updated source.env steps.

infrastructure/README.md, after:

# Infrastructure

Multiple deployment pipelines for Forseti Visualizer:

1. Docker on GCE with COS
2. Docker on GKE with COS
3. Docker on Cloud Run

## Overview

Each script requires a docker image to be pre-built and pushed to the local gcr.io repository.

## Getting Started

```bash
# Prerequisite: Ensure application is built and runs locally
cd forseti-visualizer-ui/
npm install
npm run build
cd ../forseti-api
npm install

# API:
gcloud services enable compute.googleapis.com
gcloud services enable container.googleapis.com
gcloud services enable containerregistry.googleapis.com

# create source.env file.  Replace the variable values with the correct values.  You'll likely need to change `CLOUDSQL_PASSWORD`, `PROJECT_ID` (`FORSETI_SERVER_VM_CHANNEL` and `FORSETI_DATA_MODEL_HANDLE` are required ONLY for IAM Explain functionality).
cat > source.env << EOF
export API_HOST="0.0.0.0"
export API_PORT="8080"
export CLOUDSQL_HOSTNAME="127.0.0.1"
export CLOUDSQL_USERNAME="root"
export CLOUDSQL_PASSWORD=""
export CLOUDSQL_SCHEMA="forseti_security"
export FORSETI_SERVER_VM_CHANNEL="0.0.0.0:50051"
export FORSETI_DATA_MODEL_HANDLE="21254f1de747879237a95cb552e80844"
export PROJECT_ID="forseti-visualizer"
EOF

# build docker images
./build-images.sh

# replace the variable(s) (PROJECT_ID, REGION) at the top of the deployment file and then run to deploy the image
./deployments/deploy-gke.sh
./deployments/deploy-gce.sh
./deployments/deploy-cloudrun.sh
```

## Pipeline

1. Build Image
2. Push Image
3. Create Deployment Resource (optional - otherwise we will need to provide the target resource values)
4. Deploy Image

## References

- [Static IP on GKE](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/tutorials/configuring-domain-name-static-ip)
- [Firewalls](https://cloud.google.com/solutions/prep-kubernetes-engine-for-prod#firewalling)
